v2 of the support page (#674)
mintlify/docs: support.mdx

---
title: "Support"
icon: "circle-help"
description: "We're here to help you get the most out of Mintlify"
---

<Card title="Ask our docs" img="/images/chat-support.png" href="https://mintlify.com/docs/quickstart?share_chat=3524d1e4-c8bb-4367-87f8-4eb8be8edf4b">
  Ask our AI chat assistant that's been trained on our documentation
</Card>

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Dashboard widget" icon="message-circle-more" iconType="regular" href="https://dashboard.mintlify.com/">
    Send us a message from the dashboard *click on support in the bottom left corner*
  </Card>
  <Card title="Email Us" icon="mail" iconType="regular" href="mailto:support@mintlify.com">
    If you can't access the dashboard, email us at support@mintlify.com
  </Card>

>   <Card title="Ask AI" icon="bot" iconType="regular" href="https://mintlify.com/community">

Reviewer: What if we change it to "Ask our community" since people might also get value from connecting with other users? Then it's also differentiated from the other AI assistant too

  </Card>
</CardGroup>

**Frequently Asked Questions:**

<Accordion title="GitHub app issues" icon="merge">
  The GitHub app can be termpermental and resetting the connection is a great way to solve issues.
  
  To do this, you can uninstall the Mintlify app through GitHub.
  - go to [installations](https://github.com/settings/installations) -\> click un-install
  - go to [app authorizations](https://github.com/settings/apps/authorizations) -\> click revoke

  Then, head to the dashboard to reinstall the app.
  - Make sure to install the GitHub app first at [Git settings](https://dashboard.mintlify.com/settings/deployment/git-settings)
  - Then authorize your account [Account settings](https://dashboard.mintlify.com/settings/account)
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="API Page Issues" icon="book-open">
  API pages are complicated. As a result, there are a lot of things that can go wrong. Here's a list of common issues we've seen customers run into:

  <AccordionGroup>
    <Accordion title="All of my OpenAPI pages are completely blank">
      In this scenario, it's likely that either Mintlify cannot find your OpenAPI document,
      or your OpenAPI document is invalid.

>       Running `mintlify dev` locally should reveal some of these issues.

Author: totally, I'll make that change

      To verify your OpenAPI document will pass validation:

      1. Run `mintlify openapi-check <openapiFilenameOrUrl>` in your CLI
      2. Check the spec for errors with [this validator](https://editor.swagger.io/)

      Additionally, Mintlify does not support OpenAPI 2.0. If your document uses this version of the specification,
      you could encounter this issue. You can convert your document at [editor.swagger.io](https://editor.swagger.io/)

      <Frame>

>         ![](/images/convert-oas-3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        !["Convert to OpenAPI 3" menu item highlighted in the Swagger Editor](/images/convert-oas-3.png)
```

Images need descriptive alt text to be more accessible.

      </Frame>
    </Accordion>
    <Accordion title="One of my OpenAPI pages is completely blank">

>       This is usually caused by a misspelled `openapi` field in the page metadata. Make sure
>       the HTTP method and path match the HTTP method and path in the OpenAPI document exactly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This is usually caused by a misspelled `openapi` field in the page metadata. Make sure that the HTTP method and path match the HTTP method and path in the OpenAPI document exactly.
```

      ---
      ```

      ```yaml openapi.yaml
      paths:
        "/users/{id}":
          get: ...
      ```
      Notice that the path in the `openapi` field has a trailing slash, whereas the path in the OpenAPI
      document does not.

      Another common issue is a misspelled filename. If you are specifying a particular OpenAPI document
      in the `openapi` field, ensure the filename is correct. For example, if you have two OpenAPI
      documents `openapi/v1.json` and `openapi/v2.json`, your metadata might look like this:

      ```md api-reference/v1/users/get-user.mdx
      ---
      openapi: "v1 GET /users/{id}"
      ---
      ```
    </Accordion>
    <Accordion title="Requests from the API Playground don't work">
      If you have a custom domain configured, this could be an issue with your reverse proxy. By
      default, requests made via the API Playground start with a `POST` request to the
      `/api/request` path on the docs site. If your reverse proxy is configured to only allow `GET`
      requests, then all of these requests will fail. To fix this, configure your reverse proxy to
      allow `POST` requests to the `/api/request` path.

>       Alternatively, if your reverse proxy prevents you from accepting `POST` requests, you can configure Mintlify to send requests directly to your backend with the `api.playground.proxy` setting in the `docs.json`, as described [here](/core-concepts/settings#param-proxy). This will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Alternatively, if your reverse proxy prevents you from accepting `POST` requests, you can configure Mintlify to send requests directly to your backend with the `api.playground.proxy` setting in the `docs.json`. See [LINK](path/to/link) for more information. This will
```

This link is broken. I'm not sure yet where the info has moved to. Also, formatting the link like this makes it more accessible since link text like [here] doesn't give enough information about where a link goes to.

Author: Great call, correct link here: https://mintlify.com/docs/settings#param-proxy

Reviewer: I'll push a commit to update this link 🚀

      likely require you to configure CORS on your server, as these requests will now come directly
      from your users' browsers.
    </Accordion>
  </AccordionGroup>
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="Docs page won't load (error 404)" icon="ban" iconType="regular">
  Check to see if you have `/api` in the URL. This is a reserved folder in production environments, which produces a 404 error.
</Accordion>

<Accordion title="Issues adding SVG to a card" icon="image">
We support a specific type of SVG, called JSX, and as such the image will need to be converted.

> To do this you can: 
> 1. Use [this](https://react-svgr.com/playground/) converter to generate JSX compatible SVG code
> 2. Make sure you only copy the code inside the `<svg/>` tag
> 
> ![title](/images/svg-jsx.png)
> 
> 3. Paste this into your card
> 4. You might need to decrease the height and width to make the image fit!

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Use the [SVGR converter](https://react-svgr.com/playground/) to generate JSX compatible SVG code.
2. Copy the code inside the `<svg/>` tag.

![Output from the SVGR converter with the code inside <svg> and </svg> tags highlighted.](/images/svg-jsx.png)

3. Paste the code into your card. Make sure you only copy and paste the code inside the `<svg/>` tag.
4. You may need to decrease the height and width to make the image fit.
```

</Accordion>

<Info>

> We do our best to respond to all requests within 24 hours but delays may occur during busy times

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do our best to respond to all requests within 24 hours but delays may occur during busy times.
```

We'd discussed maybe moving this higher, but I'd wait until we have defined SLAs to do that.
